doc(HMS-3527): add rbac dev documentation (#180)
podengo-project/idmsvc-backend: docs/dev/08-rbac.md

# RBAC

This section explain how to use the RBAC mock integration
to let us check the operations locally. This component exists
for allowing automation on the smoke tests and future integration
tests, so we can check different scenarios as we need.

The rbac mock load 4 different profiles, so we can choose when
the service is started which profile to use by setting the
`APP_CLIENTS_RBAC_PROFILE` variable. The profiles that we can
use are:
- `super-admin`: only contain `*:*:*`

> - `domain-admin`: contain the default Domain Admin permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `domain-admin` (default): contain the default Domain Admin permissions.
```

- `domain-readonly`: contain the default Domain Read permissions.
- `domain-no-perms`: does not contain any permission at all.
- `custom`: this is provided for development reasons, if we
  want to customize the permissions. We need to edit the
  `internal/infrastructure/service/impl/mock/rbac/impl/custom.yaml`
  file, build and restart the service again.

## Using the rbac mock

- Start the rbac mock by: `make mock-rbac-up`
- Stop the rbac mock by: `make mock-rbac-down`

> 
> By default, the profile that is used by the rbac mock
> is `domain-admin`; but you can use `super-admin`,
> `domain-admin`, `domain-readonly`, `domain-no-perms`
> or `custom`.
> 
> ```sh
> $ make mock-rbac-up APP_CLIENTS_RBAC_PROFILE
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start with a different profile: `make mock-rbac-up APP_CLIENTS_RBAC_PROFILE=domain-readonly`
```
